great that Vlad's like dying the creeps
yeah I'm up here now dude okay I'm going
are we doing this we're doing this way
too just like that either way oh it
should i'm hit it oh you left my thing
come on man did I got him we're good
watch this shit and now I'm out what he
gave me nah dick sugar issaq it did I
have now fuck that shit to connect shit
again fuck it out dude I said his team
feared for me o.o should the counter
teleport holy moly dude the team play is
unreal the bard is fucking broken Jesus
man how can write release this champion
in his current state I was ridiculous he
fucking left my ulti come on man why
would I stay in then eat it hey guys
what okay it's kind of the spell I can
be magical journey yeah that's it really
well look at this guy trying to farm
drugs yo can I run botnet words look at
this guy hey Liv wasn't it no not
getting there getting it here come the
Knights all day nice update Oh Peter you
gotta get it in a good shit hey what do
you guys think of it he's Sonny's niacin
Oh what the fuck I was isolated I'm
plain English come out here holy shit
what the fuck beer beer hey guys where's
earth go guys okay okay baby okay baby
baby baby baby I bad i paid I'm a baby
okay okay one good three oh my god
what
somebody here we did
you filled it up
how's Sheldon's two seconds what does it
not me good night dude so smooth so swab
I got you touched on that shuttle think
I'll take on thing I'll take y'all think
Thank rate yeah I'm thinking I taking
why don't you trust you yeah